Dr Jameson: So if you could just confirm your name and birthdate for me, please.
David A: It's David asplund and my birthday is July 10 1995
David A: And
Dr Jameson: Did you move. Is that what happened.
David A: So it's kind of in limbo right now. So I work, I territory sales manager for a contracting company and the territory. I usually do is barrier Sacramento and as of right now.
David A: I was supposed to come here because I wanted to see my family and I was going to take vacation what they're trying to expand. So they might want me to stay out here so I'm kind of in limbo deciding whether or not I'm going to end up staying out here.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so right now it's kind of a temporary, but it might turn into a permanent thing that
David A: Yeah, so I'm, I'm gonna know within the next week or so because
David A: I've just kind of going through my clientele that they have out here and closing some stuff and doing some stuff.
Dr Jameson: What kind of sorry you said you're a sales manager. So he said,
David A: Yes, so I just essentially
David A: I manage some of the reps, we have out here in the reps, we have in the Bay Area in Sacramento area for. So essentially what a rep does is they go out to homes they inspect their houses. See what needs to be fixed and if anything needs to be fixed, and then we'll fix it.
Dr Jameson: It's like a construction company or an insurance or something.
David A: Yeah. So it's essentially contracting. Okay. It's a contracting company. Okay.
David A: His position.
Dr Jameson: As far away.
David A: It's more of like a sales position.
Dr Jameson: Okay, okay.
Dr Jameson: So,
Dr Jameson: Fortunately, we actually have an operation, just getting started in Tennessee. We and I've been
Dr Jameson: There weren't. Well, actually I should say just getting started. There was another doctor working in Tennessee, who was not working in Tennessee anymore. And I've been taking over some of her patients, but
Dr Jameson: Just so you know, we do not yet they're growing, but we don't currently have services in all 50 states. So fortunately, fortunately it worked out the Tennessee is is still an option, but
Dr Jameson: Just FYI. It's not a. It's not a sure thing for
Dr Jameson: Many countries so
Dr Jameson: Okay, so let me just review, real quick, and what group to attend currently
David A: So I go to the doctor factors group on Tuesdays. I don't know if they want me to continue going to that group or go to the new groups. And so I'm with you. I don't know what the exact mean
Dr Jameson: I think ideally we
Dr Jameson: Probably want you going to the group of whoever's prescribing your medication for you so that that being said, you know, if you have a relationship. Now in a connection with the people in the group you're in. I don't know if you do or not, but
Dr Jameson: It's not ideal to suddenly snore to smash you out and
David A: Start over. But
David A: I think maybe the difference between me and a lot of other patients, maybe with this company. I'm not sure how it is. But from what I've seen, at least, is I'm pretty like slow with I can flow with anything.
Really
David A: So,
Dr Jameson: Okay. In fact, I was just running what I was doing was looking at the list of people I've started to see who are live in Tennessee, because we're building a Tennessee group, right. Like, literally, as we speak, which is going to be Wednesday. Are you Eastern or central
David A: She as of right now, I'm Eastern
Dr Jameson: Okay, it's going to be it on Wednesdays at noon.
Dr Jameson: Eastern
Dr Jameson: So, but I don't know, even if it's going to start this week yet because I don't think they've
Dr Jameson: Gotten the memo to all the patients, yet they are. They're sort of scattered and various other groups at the moment because we didn't have a dedicated Tennessee group until just work as we're building it now.
Dr Jameson: Is that, do you think tentatively
Dr Jameson: Acceptable time do you think yeah
David A: I mean, I could do that if it doesn't start this week, I can go to the other group. I don't know what they want me to do because I didn't go to group last week, so it's been kind of jumbled so I ended up not going to group last week.
David A: Last week, and it's just kind of us. So it's been kind of crazy but whatever they need
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: I think we spent months for you on Friday. I recall
David A: Yeah, so I was sent a six day so I'll be out. I'll have my last dosage on Wednesday, I think. Okay.
David A: Yeah, so
Dr Jameson: What's your schedule this week on Wednesday.
David A: I'm just working. But the thing about my job is that I'm pretty. I mean, now that I'm in the position. I'm in. I'm pretty flexible.
Dr Jameson: And kind of little things. How you need them. Okay, because I do have groups on Wednesday. I mean, if you're going to need to put. Well, I guess I could send it today to
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I'll just send a prescription today since I'm meeting with you and then we'll get the group.
Dr Jameson: Schedule sorted out. Going forward, but tentatively
Dr Jameson: That the noon on Wednesday will work for you.
David A: Yes.
Dr Jameson: I'll pencil you in there anyway.
David A: Yeah, so whatever needs to happen. I mean,
David A: It's. It was kind of weird because when I originally told I told him I was going to be moving to Tennessee. And then they said they had someone in Tennessee that could prescribe medication. I was like, oh, that works great.
David A: And then when I he said Jacob said, hey, call back in a little bit like callback. And you know week or two. So I call back and then the lady said the lady that answered, so that Dr. Patrick Simon I medication, but I think she missed it, and took
David A: Yeah, I don't think so yeah I'm
David A: Glad it all worked out.
Dr Jameson: For your dose is
David A: four milligrams. Okay, so let's prescription that
David A: Nice.
Dr Jameson: Okay, that was gonna be
Dr Jameson: You take it once a day or two. How do you usually take it.
David A: So I just take four milligrams in the morning.
David A: Okay, nice.
David A: I mean, I started, I think when I started here on eight
David A: Something like that.
David A: Started initially medication on a 60 milligrams or something.
Dr Jameson: Okay, so you've kind of gradually tapered as we say.
David A: Oh yeah and i mean
David A: Like I mean I've kind of been talking about this for a while, but I'd like to be in a position to where I could taper and not really worry about anything affecting me because
David A: I went a day without medication on Thursday. I didn't have anything
David A: And it was like, I mean the withdrawal wasn't that bad. But I'm more worried about after getting cravings and not like because I know the big problem is Suboxone is the graduate. If you don't do it gradually you'll have cravings, even after the withdrawal process as
Dr Jameson: Well, yeah, that's true. I don't know if we can blame that on Suboxone per se or just opiates and
Dr Jameson: Um,
Dr Jameson: Yes. And then, and because the Suboxone
Dr Jameson: Is actually quite a long acting drug and is was originally designed to be used once a day, although most of our patients seem to be uncomfortable going
Dr Jameson: I think it's a behavioral thing going too long without dosing themselves. So most people are breaking it. I would, I don't want to compare it doesn't really matter as long as it's working, but
Dr Jameson: Yes, there are those folks who have been on it long enough, who have kind of realized, you know what, I can just take it once a day and I'm okay. But anyway, that withdrawal is going to most people say it's like the second or third day before things really
David A: Start to. Yeah, I mean, the main thing was just like a little bit of sniffles, you know, just to give you a little bit. Yeah, and
Dr Jameson: It would obviously would have gotten worse. Had you
Dr Jameson: Been going longer than the problem with the cravings, is that can sometimes they can kind of come out of nowhere, sometimes even the part about the
Dr Jameson: Called the pause the pro long deaths and when I was in withdrawal symptoms were people sometimes months later, so either feeling depressed or kind of weird mood swings can take a really long time for things to really
Dr Jameson: Kind of stabilized. So, um, well,
Dr Jameson: So the prescription comes, you know, probably in twos and fours and eights.
Dr Jameson: It looks like the last time I sent over so whoever we sent the AIDS, but you're breaking those in half.
David A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Go ahead and then sometimes it's a supply thing like not all pharmacies carry the smaller
Dr Jameson: Dose and actually that might be
Dr Jameson: If you're interested in tapering further which I'm all for as long as you are really
Dr Jameson: in tune with yourself and like, okay, wait a minute, I'm starting to have
Dr Jameson: You know, dangerous ideas are flip fleeting through my mind or, you know, if you're finding something's going on in your life that you're like, oh, that you're
Dr Jameson: Proactively gonna okay maybe we need to back up a little bit here for a while or, you know, the unfortunately the statistics are just not
David A: Particularly
Dr Jameson: Encouraging about how people do when they come off.
Dr Jameson: I truly think that that's a lot so individual and I think many, many well the studies that have been done have been mainly done as far as I'm aware, in the very short term, sort of like people that go into a detox.
Dr Jameson: In patient kind of place. They're put on the medicine and then they're tapered off.
Dr Jameson: Like in six weeks or something.
Dr Jameson: And then you look to see what happens on 85% or more, and P laughing just not funny. But I think the problem is that the intensive individual counseling and the work that has to be done.
Dr Jameson: To deal with, you know, stress management and coping skills and, you know, other other sorts of things is going to be a much longer term project.
Dr Jameson: Project for most people. And so it's not that there aren't people that have successfully done it. It's just that.
Dr Jameson: It takes a long long long time to to really kind of be we wire yourself and
David A: How you work.
Dr Jameson: On two things. And yeah, then your whole surroundings and your environment. Everything getting reno either relationships being severed or or
Dr Jameson: Repaired, you know, there's just so many different different things that have to happen for this to to be a, you know, long term which is doable but it's just a lot
David A: Yes. I mean, the first time I was on Suboxone and
David A: They gave me a low dose. It was in a detox facility, like you said, low dose and they added it with thallium and stuff.
David A: So I'm just pretty dangerous, but I mean a doctor, you know, it turns out
Dr Jameson: It turns out it's actually the originally we were very concerned about that combination. And it turns out that it's
Dr Jameson: It's not as
Dr Jameson: If the dosing is problem is when people are taking more than they're prescribed and they're like melting it and snorting, you know, doing things that weren't
Dr Jameson: It wasn't designed to be used in that way and mixing and all this other any the few deaths that have been associated with Suboxone it's always had a co concurrent other substances President usually bendel's but the dosing that's been used has been
Dr Jameson: Very hot you know not what we were prescribing so
David A: Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah, I mean it could definitely be abused. I mean, I've just been on the medication. I've been on maintenance so
David A: I mean, I've been on the medication for three years. I'm sure you have you've seen how long I've been on and stuff, but I've been on it for a while.
David A: I started at a really high dose of not a high dose, but I took 624 milligrams for like a month and then I got down to 16 took that for a while and then I went to
David A: I went to eight or 10, I think. And then I went to 80 and then six and now I went to five and then for so
David A: I mean,
Dr Jameson: How long have you been on the for
Now,
David A: Probably for the last four or five months. Okay, maybe something comfortable. Yeah, I mean, I'm running like even last week to prolong my medication because I didn't have much I took to
David A: two milligrams and it wasn't like there was some, you know, at night before I went to bed. I would get a little stuffy and like get a little
David A: Chills like I would get like cold and hot and cold and hot, but it wasn't super bad, like it was totally something that was doable and I didn't have cravings and plus where I'm at right now.
David A: I just, I'm at the point to where I don't care for it anymore. Maybe it's because I'm on a medication, but like
David A: I'm in such a good spot in my life and I haven't drank or done drugs or smoke pot like some people that are on Suboxone they still smoke pot or they'll still
David A: You know, do their other prescriptions that are abusive or that you know have a tendency to be abused like Xanax or anxiety medication, whereas me I just take the Suboxone and i mean i don't i haven't drank for three years. I haven't done any of that. So, I mean,
David A: So,
Dr Jameson: I'm here with family now and where you're at.
David A: Yeah, so I'm staying at my mom's house. Actually, I'm nothing. I'm looking for places out here, but I mean I just
David A: Like I'm still kind of learn the ropes of what I'm
Dr Jameson: Willing to know yet if it's
Dr Jameson: You need to. Yeah, yeah.
David A: So, okay.
Dr Jameson: Well, so the reason I was so what I was thinking. I don't know. You tell me. Sometimes we get people down to like a minimal dose and then would say, Okay, you know what, let's just leave it like let's not rock the boat.
Dr Jameson: But it's, I don't know if you've noticed I've heard people other doctors have have said when they you know they've
Dr Jameson: been doing this longer than I have, and have had more patients taper that
Dr Jameson: There are actually are some side effects of the Suboxone but because they you're transitioning from other opiates that have
Dr Jameson: equally or more significant side effects, you don't necessarily realize until as you go down low, or you start to realize, oh, I have more energy. I'm not a consummate. You know, I don't know if you've noticed any
David A: Yeah, I have a YC. So, for sure. I have constipation issues and stuff but i think that i mean it's not nearly as bad as it was when I was using heroin. Because I mean, when I was younger, I have some terrible, terrible. Yeah, it was really bad.
Dr Jameson: has that improved at all, as you've dropped the dose on Suboxone or not, not
David A: Not necessarily, I mean it's, it might have even gotten worse the longer I've been on it because at first, like the first year and a half or two I didn't really notice any of that.
David A: I mean, I would it. The problem was there, but I didn't notice it. But this past year has been kind of tough when it comes to that stuff. But I mean,
David A: It's not like it and I mean that's not why I want to get off the medication.
David A: I'm also want to get off the medication, just to be free to not worry about having to take everything is something every day. And I mean, it's gonna be a process and I mean I talked about this with my original Doctor Who, who referred me to you guys because he retired.
David A: But, you know, we talked about. He wanted to start tapering a little bit quicker. He said it'd be probably a three month to three month process.
David A: You're going to want to stay on that low dose for a long time, and even go maybe down to a half to a quarter milligram before you even try to get off the medication.
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
David A: He also said, you know, it's not a bad thing to stay on Suboxone for the rest of your life. As long as you're using it properly. Right.
Dr Jameson: Well, the the
Dr Jameson: Right, the highest the top priority is to keep you from
Dr Jameson: Really
Dr Jameson: You know, returning to us. So whichever way, whatever that looks like for you is what we should do so. Yeah.
David A: Yeah, I think that was
Dr Jameson: The least amount we need to do to keep you that way. I agree. It's just we everyone is a different. Some people that's going to be 60 milligrams, or more forever.
David A: Some people, you know,
Dr Jameson: It just depends on a lot of different factors and motivation and, you know, environmental things and level of support and
Dr Jameson: A lot
David A: I gone to a for the past three years to so even when I get off the medication or have a support group there. I mean,
David A: I look at my some people that are on Suboxone or methadone or whatever it is.
David A: I don't really look at them as sober, because they'll you know they're doing it just like stay high I just do this to stay normal like so I don't hurt or whatever. I'm like, you know, to the point to where it's like
David A: I haven't had cravings in a really long time. I don't have any desire to go out and use heroin, just because I'm at a good spot in my life. I feel like what really drove me to heroin specifically
David A: Was just maybe the time I was in the time I was doing it. I mean, I still think to this day. And it's the addict and me talking, that, you know, I could go out and have a beer and be fine.
David A: But I know that's not the case. So I mean, of course, I'm not going to do anything like that. My mom drinks and stuff. And I don't have any problem and not going to drink or alcohol. You know, it's
David A: But when I was using heroin. It was it was I would use it for four or five, six days in a row, and then I'd be dependent on it. You know what I mean. So I go out and party or whatever with friends and then if I didn't use it. I'd get sick and it's just like this vicious cycle. So
David A: I mean sometimes I think, Oh, I was just dependent on the drug, and it wasn't me. Being an addict. But then I think, oh, no, that's just me talking. So it's like doing drugs at this point in my life is kind of just like
David A: Really an afterthought. So
Dr Jameson: So you've had, you've been you've had to deal with sort of adversity and difficult times since you've been in in recovery and manage that.
David A: The, the first six months, I think.
David A: I was on the medication. I got a prescription for Ritalin, because I have pretty bad ADHD. Like I always move and it like have problems focusing and stuff and
David A: I didn't really liked how it made me felt when I was on the Suboxone so I got off that and I think I was maybe abusing it a little bit. I'm not sure.
David A: But I mean, after that, I was just, yeah, it's just like not let's just do every dose, as recommended. Let's just like this. Right. And it just, I don't know, it's worth
David A: It. I mean, I've been mentally. Okay. I mean,
David A: There's been points where I've been a little bit depressed, but it's not like long lasting manic depressant resident thing like that where I'm like, freaking out. It's more. So just like I'm kind of sad. Today, whatever. So
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I think that's that's the, I think that's the
Dr Jameson: Well, there's many different components. But I think one of the biggest is knowing and being confident that, because life is life like something, something, sometime is going to happen Nazi off your feet, you know,
Dr Jameson: Not, not just you know something sudden and unexpected terrible or something. And that's where, you know, what are you, how are you going to have you learn, you know, do you have new coping, you know, new coping skills, basically.
David A: A different know
David A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: And sometimes there's, you know, the, I don't know, like a lot of people will kind of catastrophizing when something starts happening they sort of kind of embellish it with their own sort of internal thinking and, you know, recognizing that and not letting yourself do that anymore and
Dr Jameson: Knowing this too shall pass and nothing's permanent and, you know, that kind of stuff.
David A: I mean, the only thing I've really had issues with is like girlfriends and stuff that it just didn't work out or whatever. It's just kind of sad for a little bit, or
David A: Whatever.
David A: I mean, but overall like
David A: I'm a pretty happy person. I mean, I don't get out much, because I'm working a lot. And I'm not in the field anymore. So, since no I got that promotion and stuff and I'm just at home a lot on the phone a lot
David A: So, I mean,
David A: That kind of sucks. I like being outside. I like you know getting sun and stuff and I'm just kind of like not doing that so
Dr Jameson: And I felt like a
David A: During my happiness, a little bit but
David A: You know, I work a lot. So that's another problem. But you know, I just need to be able to take time for myself, but I mean overall I've been pretty, pretty good. I mean, the past week has been kind of difficult just because the medication situation is pretty stressful.
David A: But other than that, I've been pretty good. No. Yes, like your fault, my fault.
Dr Jameson: Well, and I think that's another thing like kind of being able to tolerate discomfort, whether it's physical or emotional like not feeling compelled. Oh my gosh, I have to make this feeling, stop, you know, get
Good.
Dr Jameson: Which obviously is a common
Dr Jameson: Central characteristic to any of our, our patients. And that's just, you know, not everyone is either was raised with a role model that was able to teach them those things.
Dr Jameson: You know, or
Dr Jameson: You know, some of us are just way more sensitive than other people are and that we all like are on it anyway. But that doesn't mean we can all learn or move ourselves and gain new
David A: I think that's a pretty big thing too is being able to be comfortable, even if you're in a bad time or just understanding it being able to move on from it.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, yeah. We all know people that are like hobbling around
Dr Jameson: These awful injury, you know, and they just managed, you know, they just call. I don't know what they do distract themselves or anyone. Some people, they get a hangnail and it's like the, you know, I mean, it was
Dr Jameson: Live on that spectrum and
David A: I will see infected hang nails or not.
Dr Jameson: They do hurt. I know.
Dr Jameson: But you go the doctor to get medicine to feel better. It's not like I was just an evening, and obviously but well so um
Dr Jameson: You know that it comes in to milligram media tablets or films usually
David A: I do tablets, just because the film's
David A: That's fine. I just don't know what it was about the films. Oh, yeah. The doctor said I couldn't cut them in half.
David A: That's not true. Yeah. So I mean, maybe I'll go back to the films. I don't know. But, oh, yeah, so the the instrument insurance doesn't. I don't get the film's for free so I can pay like 50 bucks. And I'd rather just get the bills because it's whatever
Dr Jameson: Sure it's super. Okay, but what I was thinking as we could do the two milligram. If we can find it, the pharmacy can order them if they don't have them right away.
Dr Jameson: Or find a pharmacy that has them and then you can, you know, either take two or one and a half or you know you can. That way you can
David A: Take. So what do you think so, my, my old Doctor. Doctor, Doctor, and I didn't really go over to bring in a different doctor before him with bright heart but my older daughter used to say when I was tapering he'd say, take a lesser dose twice a week. And so you can get used to them.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I think.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean I think the tiny increments are probably best. So if you yeah if you start out with two days a week, taking the slight slightly lower dose and slightly lower and see how that goes. And then maybe three or four
Dr Jameson: You know, kind of gradually make
Dr Jameson: That more days. And last, and
David A: Yes, by slightly lower would you want me to cut it to milligram in half and then cut in half and half. So I'd be taking three and a half. And if you
Dr Jameson: Can I don't know if you feel
Dr Jameson: Like you can get them to cut like that. But yeah, either take a quarter of a tablet out or a half and and see you probably could do the half if you went a whole 24 hours without any
Dr Jameson: But you can try try
David A: We. I mean, it wasn't like I said it wasn't too hard. And I'd like you said, the, the real symptoms of withdrawal come in.
David A: It's it gets really bad at about like the, the, I think 36 to 48 hour mark and sometimes a little bit later. So, I mean, I don't know, I think.
David A: The CVS that I want to go to. And the reason I wanted to go to CVS is because there's pretty there's more strict here about their policies.
David A: And certain pharmacies that I don't go to. So I go to CVS and California and if they see that I've gotten a prescription list from them. They'd say, oh, well, he's gotten prescriptions for us, he just moved here.
David A: I'm just a little bit worried about it. But if we send it to like a Kroger pharmacy or whatever type of pharmacy. They have out here. And they might say a you need to Tennessee ID or something like that. That's the only thing I'm worried about. So, I mean,
David A: Yeah, you called CBS CBS. Would they be able to order the two milligrams, you think
Dr Jameson: I would
Dr Jameson: I would imagine so.
Okay.
Dr Jameson: Where did we send your last one. It was a CBS right
David A: Yeah, so it's 9175 Kingston pike.
Dr Jameson: And that one they felt okay they didn't give you trouble.
David A: No, yeah, my morning actually picked it up so
Dr Jameson: She if that's the thing, if they have to have a Tennessee ID. Then I suppose somebody else can pick it up.
David A: Exactly. So, I mean,
David A: That's that we could do that if if when you call it in or or however you do it. I don't know if you have Daniel or whoever calls it
Dr Jameson: Well, I can send it electronically. I just, I wasn't
Dr Jameson: Available. I worked this as a part time thing, and I was somewhere else and
Dr Jameson: The
Dr Jameson: Way that the system by the way the system is like I have to be on my home computer while my computer. It doesn't have to be at home, but I have to have my computer to be able to send things like I can't send them from my phone.
David A: So,
Dr Jameson: I wasn't home and I didn't have my computer with me. So I was like, so then when when I'm not available, then yes we we send have somebody else call it but I generally like to something electronically. I think that's more
David A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Or whatever.
David A: Yeah, yeah, for sure. I mean, if you want. If you do, send it electronically.
David A: Then I get I guess you could probably just put in the electronic form or whatever. However, you send it and you can just say to do two milligrams and they can order it. Like I said, I'm not gonna be out of medication till Wednesday, so I think
Dr Jameson: That's I'm thinking if we send it today. And then you'd follow up with a, you know,
Dr Jameson: Just a FYI phone call, Hey, I know we're dropping my dose and wasn't sure if you have that in stock, but
Dr Jameson: How long would it be tell you what you're able to get it, you know, just make sure you'd be able to get it in within a couple days.
Dr Jameson: And then, you know, hopefully. Hopefully 48 hours is enough warning.
David A: That they can know. Yeah, so I mean it in general when it comes to some days of the week. I have trouble like taking a lesser dose unless I need to
David A: So, I mean, because sometimes some days in the morning. I just feel like, I'll be like, I don't want to take that today, or I don't want to do this today. Do you have any recommendations is that may be a sign that I shouldn't wait or what do you think that is
David A: Like me just not wanting to lower it, but at the same time, and like that afternoon. I'll be like, Okay, today's the day to lower my dose.
David A: Do you know what I mean.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I don't know. I guess I would I would want you to try to
Dr Jameson: You know, examine that pattern and see if you can tell
Dr Jameson: If there's any factors like did you not get enough sleep did you have, are you under more stress. Are you like what's happening, that is there or is there anything you can identify
Dr Jameson: That seems to correlate with those days.
Dr Jameson: It seems like there should be some sort of
Dr Jameson: Reason explanation, whether
Dr Jameson: I don't know. I mean, you take the same dose every day so I don't know why.
David A: Yeah, I feel like some days I think, I think what I'll do is I mean I'll just do it on the day that I feel good. I think I go down to three and a half or maybe a little bit more. I don't know. We'll see. This since the pills or two milligrams
David A: I can or three and a half. I could I could probably cut it into a quarter. I just think that it's you're not supposed to go over 25% less right
Dr Jameson: Right but 25% of fours three
David A: Through yeah so I could
Dr Jameson: Borrow one
David A: Again, three twice a week or something.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and and if it doesn't
Dr Jameson: If you can cut it into the quarters. That's why I think sometimes the
Dr Jameson: Film's although I've heard the films are just smaller when they get down to the
David A: Yeah, I mean, it's hard to get those accurate to but I mean it's the same with pills to cutting and I mean if
David A: I think I'll be fine. I mean, I can pretty because I can get. I used to get the eight milligram ones. And they were just basic Suboxone they are buprenorphine. They weren't there was no no locks on in them.
David A: And I would cut those tiny little eight milligrams and ones in half and he'd be fine. So, I mean, I think.
Dr Jameson: I just don't know if the time if it's gonna like
Dr Jameson: Crumble or something that was more my concern, then
Dr Jameson: Oh, yeah.
David A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: But we can try it.
David A: And then we'll find out.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, and then they've been giving you
Dr Jameson: How many weeks that aren't even getting a month supply at a time. Normally,
David A: I mean, Dr practice doing used to not used to. He's been a big I get a month at a time. Yeah. Okay.
David A: I mean, I don't know how you feel about that's
Dr Jameson: Okay. I mean, it's not like
Dr Jameson: I mean, as long as you're in compliance or whatever, with all of the
David A: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I do my drug tests, I go to group the only group I've missed since I've been here is that is that one group last week and I mean I can make up with that by going to practice group or I don't know what you want me to do. I guess I'll figure that out.
David A: And I'll call it. I don't think
Dr Jameson: I don't think this was a
Dr Jameson: This was kind of a miscommunication more than oh
David A: Yeah, cuz i mean
David A: I liked you already know. Like I said, I pretty much, I thought I was going to speak going. It was just, it's pretty confusing last week was pretty rough to see from
Here.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well,
Dr Jameson: I'm sorry, I'm just trying to put there's two different systems. We used to be.
Dr Jameson: Trying to pull you
Dr Jameson: Know one
Dr Jameson: And the one that keeps track of no shows and stuff like that so
I'm just
Dr Jameson: Okay, and then he's been having you meet monthly. Is that right,
David A: Yeah, so I go to
David A: One group, a month if since I'm saying, you know, you want me to go to a more whatever I can do that.
Dr Jameson: I generally so you know it's a little bit
Um,
Dr Jameson: So I guess my general opinion about this as I don't mind doing. I don't think that the number the duration of your prescription and how often you come to be a group or whatever.
Necessary.
Dr Jameson: I feel like you know the the benefit of the group is not just to get a prescription. It's hopefully to be a community and support and
Dr Jameson: You know, cheerleading and answering questions and
Dr Jameson: Troubleshooting problems and you know all those kind of things. So
Dr Jameson: I really kind of would prefer people be at least every other week coming to group.
Dr Jameson: Send your prescription for the month because that's what you've been doing and you haven't had any miss you know like you say you've been
Dr Jameson: You know approach, you know, appropriate and you've also been on this for quite a long time and I take it with outside programs before us. So I don't think we need to
Dr Jameson: Put you on the really short leash, necessarily, but I do kind of prefer people be, you know, fairly, fairly
Dr Jameson: Interactive or
Dr Jameson: I don't know what the right word is for that, but
David A: No, those are, I mean,
Yeah.
David A: Um, yeah.
David A: I think the main reason I would go once a month is because encounter when I was in California money was a little bit of an issue. And since my insurance doesn't cover it.
David A: And I also go to a too. So, I mean, it wasn't it's I HAVEN'T BEEN GOING TO THAT here though. So I mean, I've only been going into two week I usually go to California. So I kind of cut it down. I was working a lot before I left, but I mean, like I said, whatever.
Dr Jameson: Whatever. Then I mean we do also sometimes make exceptions because of financial burden. I think that's, that's, you know, we're not completely cool like
David A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: There were the money like some of the pill mills. I know there's like you can't do anything. So you pay your whatever but um so
Dr Jameson: Is your insurance different now that you're in Tennessee, or it doesn't matter.
David A: No, it's the same insurance, but I have a deductible and I've been like I since I've been here I have they haven't paid for anything so
David A: I mean, that's, I don't know if, like, maybe they have the insurance wrong or they said they have it right but i have a massive deductible and it'll. It's like a $3,000 deductible. But the weird thing is that my whole family goes to the doctor. So I thought that deductible.
Dr Jameson: Sometimes it's
Dr Jameson: What it is, is there's well I hate insurance. So, but, but from
Dr Jameson: From probably what the issue is that
Dr Jameson: You're the insurance company has to recognize each different like you hear these stories about the surprise medical bills happening.
Dr Jameson: So if I'm not or fried heart is not like an the process by which one becomes like credentialed, or part of their network is like
Dr Jameson: infuriating. So anyway, that's my doesn't, it doesn't have a point. But anyway, they, you know, if you're not in network, basically, if you haven't been if you haven't jumped through all their hoops, or whatever. And anyway, sometimes people
Dr Jameson: Have insurance that
Dr Jameson: We're not always credentialed in every we're not always in every single internal network so that that could be the problem, too, is that
Dr Jameson: I don't know what the status. Like I said, we're just well Dr. Jackson's been working in Tennessee for a while. I don't know what the I try to stay out of that stuff because it makes me infuriates me so I don't know what our insurance.
Dr Jameson: Landscape is in Tennessee.
Dr Jameson: For that specifically
Dr Jameson: Yeah, I mean, I think if you can, if you're having to pay cash for your visits with us.
Dr Jameson: And you can commit to beefing up your group attendance locally, because those obviously are not. They don't charge you to go to a meetings, I don't think. Great.
Dr Jameson: If you can kind of commit to building that same sort of program that you had for yourself in California.
Dr Jameson: In the local area. And obviously if you're going to end up moving back to California, then
David A: It's kind of
David A: Because I put all my stuff in storage. So it's kind of just sitting and it seems like little pod things
David A: So I haven't shipped him yet. I'm just waiting and waiting. Yeah, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Well, you know, obviously things could also change. It sounds like with with your situation. But yeah, I mean we do sometimes make the exceptions to the to the rule based on financial
Factors.
Dr Jameson: So that's, that's not unreasonable so i i guess i sent a month supply of the two milligram tablets enough for you to take twice a day. Like, not even tapering so that should something, you know, relieve that sort of stress as far as that goes. And then
Dr Jameson: I don't know if I even want to switch your group until you find out that you're permanently in Tennessee now.
David A: So let's go to the group down or what should I do
David A: Miss last week. Should I go to group tomorrow.
Dr Jameson: Yeah, that maybe that's a good idea. And just to kind of head to the bat and then
David A: Once I figured
Dr Jameson: Maybe go next week, I guess if if or because you've been seen today. This week, so I don't
Dr Jameson: Unless you
David A: Like
Dr Jameson: You know unless you would like to attend group to talk about whenever you talk about the group that's fine. I mean, you're always welcome and
David A: Groups are kind of crazy with Dr factor because sometimes like it depends on the day. But sometimes, like, he'll take up all the time like getting everyone's medication. Correct. So only have like 10 minutes to do
David A: So it's
David A: Like sometimes it's like 40. It just depends. Yeah.
David A: I'm in a patient, maybe next week. I don't know. It's like, whatever you recommend if I just go next weekend so
Dr Jameson: You have to know when you're gonna be notified about the job.
David A: Like I should know by this week or early next week. Okay. So, I mean, I've been here for two weeks now. So
David A: I figured out
Dr Jameson: Well, let's let's have you, we can, I think, skip group this week and then by next week. If you still don't know if it's still in limbo. Just go to your regular
David A: Group group.
Dr Jameson: Unless you've heard otherwise that we've already because right now that I'd like I said, I don't think this group is even going to actually happen this week, probably will.
David A: Do so, for
Dr Jameson: Wednesday group, I think we'll probably begin next week, so
Dr Jameson: Anyway, I guess you can be in touch about where you're at. If you're going to go back to California, even if you haven't yet. I guess I would say just go to the California group because that's where you're going to end up staying
Dr Jameson: If it's looking like UK, you probably are going to be in Tennessee, then we can have you switch officially a switch into the to the Tennessee group and start that next week.
Dr Jameson: But that sounds like and then did you just did you do at some point in individual counseling.
David A: Over those yeah so I
David A: Think I did individual counseling with the counselor in my group and then I also did it with a program director as well. What's her name.
Dr Jameson: Oh hello, Anna.
David A: Polina yeah so she used to she was actually the part of my group until another counselor took over.
David A: So yeah, I did individual counseling with her a few times and she's, she's a really cool person. She's kind of she's interesting. I like she's really, um, yeah.
David A: So I did that with her.
David A: And then when
Dr Jameson: You were in a program outside of of bright heart prior right
David A: Yes, so it wasn't a program. It was more so like he was just a doctor. So I would actually go to his office.
David A: I would see him, and then he would prescribing medication, but he also started me on the a thing. And I don't know if you will, obviously you don't know this, but
David A: My brother has been sober for 10 years. So I would go to groups with him. And I talked to him a lot. Okay, these, these he got married to someone in a so i mean i i have a good support system, even though I'm here, but I still am going to meetings here. I don't go to in a
David A: Not, not specifically don't go to any but I don't go to any just because I don't
David A: I don't think it's, I think there's a lot of people there that are five, six days sober and that are not really looking to get sober more just court ordered or people that are I mean I know people that used to go to in a to get hookups so I'm just not about right.
Dr Jameson: Right, no i i think it is. It's not the first time I've heard this. I think it's a very variable and just like a meetings. I'm sure you've been to some a meetings that were like, not really.
David A: Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So great. So yeah, I think it depends on the particular group that particular the specifics of that when
David A: You're writing. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: There's, there's definitely can be that element.
David A: Of factors when it comes to sobriety.
Dr Jameson: You got to find the right, you just gotta find your people. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: It's not always
Dr Jameson: Yeah, it's not always automatically. So there's also have you heard of in the rooms. There's online groups, too.
David A: But I've never heard of that. Yeah.
David A: So they called
Dr Jameson: In the rooms and they have all different topics like there's a and Na, but then they have subgroups and grief counseling, you know, this just like it. There's a whole lot of different options there so
David A: Yeah, I think diction recovery. Sure. Cool.
David A: I didn't know but
Dr Jameson: Yeah, so that might be another resource.
Dr Jameson: Venue when you were seeing the local doctor did they have you see a local councillor to or do you just did the medicine.
David A: Know, so I did the medicine. I saw counselors. Well, it wasn't long like I didn't see him for a long time, though it was like every few months. It wasn't like I feel like it depends on the program, I guess, but
David A: Yeah, people will stringent about that he was more cuz
David A: I mean, he was he was kind of a carefree doctor, he was a little bit more serious at certain times. Like when I was first getting you know into recovery and stuff. But as time went on,
David A: You became a little bit more loose like with, you know, prescriptions and stuff and how you know because at first it was like, I need you to come in every week for sure. I feel like that's how it is with every program early
Dr Jameson: We normally are here to I think when when you come in from an outside group. Sometimes we give you a benefit of the doubt on on starting
Dr Jameson: At the very, very beginning. But yes, I mean, there's a lot of and, you know, like you said, there's a big wide variety of their people.
Dr Jameson: I mean, sometimes people are professional and they just, you know, were prescribed pain medicine and then without realizing it got physically dependent. But there haven't really gotten to the stage of buying on the street or stealing or, you know,
David A: They're just
Dr Jameson: They're just like, oh shit and they want to help getting off of what they're on or their doctor will prescribe it anymore. So now they're you know something, you know,
Dr Jameson: And they're
Dr Jameson: You know they don't necessarily have the same types of
David A: Problems.
David A: You know, social situation problems.
Dr Jameson: Like the people that started using each 13 who like really never completed adolescence and like don't know how to keep an appointment or write it down or
Dr Jameson: Like, you know, you're like,
Dr Jameson: There's sometimes we're like parenting. I feel like at the beginning to like kind of give people a little bit of sort of like
Dr Jameson: Skills sort of stuff. So, yeah.
Dr Jameson: Yeah. Just depends
David A: Yeah, I mean, in my last group, there was an elderly lady who just got prescribed bike at him because she had an hour surgery or something like that.
David A: And then you're just on it.
David A: I mean, it's extremely difficult to get off a drug like that because you can
David A: Even be addicted or have an addictive personality, but you're dependent
Dr Jameson: Right, right. Well, so, and then, you know, they sort they sort of in the medical community we sort of distinguish between the dependent
David A: Patients and the addicted patient
Dr Jameson: And the differentiation really has to
David A: Do with behavior, you know. Yeah. And for sure.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, so
Dr Jameson: It's just, yeah. I mean, there'd be no way they're people from all walks of life and it's so sad. Yeah. So there's a variety. So, you know, first certain people who are
Dr Jameson: You know, they keep their appointments. They show up on you know we're not having to deal with all this other noise and distraction and
Dr Jameson: My phone died. I got I got picked up and sent to jail for an old warrant, you know, like there's I mean there's just a lot of a lot of stuff sometimes that's still has to get
Dr Jameson: straightened out
David A: Yeah yeah
Dr Jameson: Exactly so.
Dr Jameson: Anyway, and then sometimes you know in the group's. It turns out that folks like you who are kind of more like
Dr Jameson: matured in the, in the, you know, further along in your recovery, you end up sort
Dr Jameson: Of being the mentor or
Dr Jameson: Giving the words of encouragement and your role may be different than what it would have been when you first enter, you know, and that
Dr Jameson: There's a value to that too because I think that that usually makes you feel good that you can be of help to other people and then it reminds you that you're actually quite experienced and have a lot of knowledge and
David A: Yeah, it's like a confidence booster almost
David A: It's like when I I did some secretary ships at a and stuff, you know, they do their three months. Secretary, where you you know pretty much have to organize everything scheduled people to talk every week and all this stuff and it's
David A: It's confidence. It gives you like a little boost. It's stressful at times too and I think
David A: It's honestly good. I feel like if you go through life without any stress, you're not learning or you're not, you know, try your you're not doing enough stuff. Right. And I think it's important to stay busy, especially for attics, because if I'm not doing anything that's when it leads
Dr Jameson: Idols. Yes. I don't mind or whatever they say, yeah.
David A: But
Dr Jameson: Let me
Dr Jameson: Let me just review real quick before we go medical stuff. So, you have, you know, medical sort of illnesses or conditions.
David A: You don't take any other descriptions
Dr Jameson: Yeah, no, I just want to make sure this is complete and I'm sending you you don't take any of their prescription medication.
Dr Jameson: Nope, and no new allergies that you're aware of, besides the Advil
David A: So the Advil thing is weird because I can take ibuprofen. It's like the gel.
Dr Jameson: Gel. Okay. Yes.
The gel caps. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then you had the some sort of injury on your hand or something, do they operate on that or that was
David A: No, it was supposed to be operated on just to make a long story short, essentially, I broke my hand boxers fracture and then they were supposed to operate on it they cast it, it just and he said it cast at it. But my finger was numb inside the cast. So I removed the cast
David A: And
David A: So I did. I can't get it operated on it hasn't been causing you trouble right now, but I know
David A: It's probably going to
Dr Jameson: Be done it. So, but then, surgery may or may not have fixed that anyway.
David A: Like old injuries. Just so yeah
Dr Jameson: OK. And then, so just listen to no other surgeries.
Dr Jameson: And we did have a year brothers and alcoholic in recovery.
David A: My mom is complete, like
David A: She's it's crazy. It's weird because she drinks wine. She has a fiance drinks wine and they drink beer and stuff.
David A: I'm fine with they don't have any problem with it, but it's weird because it's like an interesting to me how someone can like have a glass of wine or drink a beer and like not continue drinking. I don't
Dr Jameson: So she's not she doesn't have a problem with it.
David A: And no. Okay. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And no okay and then anybody else besides your brother that has had
Dr Jameson: Addiction or alcohol problems.
David A: My dad when he was younger. He's fine now. But my, my dad. I don't really know him. He wasn't around when I was younger. So my mom was pretty much both parents
Dr Jameson: Somebody will do you know what he was addicted to
I mean,
David A: I don't even know if he was an addict really because he doesn't do drugs and he's not like sober.
David A: He drinks and stuff. I don't, I don't really know. That's the thing is that my mom just said he used to party and do crank or whatever. And like all that stuff. So I think maybe you just just party parties and stuff. I don't I don't I really don't.
Dr Jameson: And you don't really have much contact with him.
David A: No. Okay.
Dr Jameson: And then
Dr Jameson: Your use was recreational namely at first saw it.
David A: So it's, it was kind of just like partying with friends and then I just became dependent on the drugs and i mean i think i i'm
David A: I'm just older now so I'm a little bit more mature. I know. Like, I'm not into really the party scene anymore but
David A: Yeah, so I just, I did. I started with pain pills and I would just like you know pop a Viking in or whatever to feel better than it like just pop up Percocet, to feel a little bit better, whatever.
Dr Jameson: Real and that started
David A: So the first time I ever did in opiate or just drugs or smoke pot.
David A: Because I smoke.
David A: So first book bought in like sixth grade right
David A: My daughter.
David A: Yeah, yeah. So I never smoked pot and sixth grade and then
David A: I didn't really smoke it for a while.
David A: And then I wrote, I started pretty heavily smoking pot like eighth grade.
David A: Not heavily but like
David A: Regularly. Yeah, and you know, my mom like I Can I hit it really good and she had no idea of just because she you know is working two three jobs like trying to provide for us hard verse single mom to do
David A: And then she found out and she put me into a rehab. When I was super young
David A: So, and then when I got out my brother was using heroin. I mean, he was a over age so he wasn't even living at home anymore. He was 19 I was 514 1413 1415 and then he introduced me into like doing opiates and he kind of he still feels bad. To this day about doing one so
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
David A: So this was when oxy cotton, not like oxycodone, like, you know, the pills or whatever that are out nowadays. It was like the 80 milligram oxy cotton that you could, you know, shoot up and do all that stuff with so I like with
Dr Jameson: The heroin with your brother.
David A: No. So my brother was sober. When I started doing
David A: So this was all when I was younger. So when I was 1415 he introduced me to those drugs in, you know, it was more like
David A: He needed money and I have. I had a little bit of money because I was working and doing like you know some you know hustling stuff when I was younger, you know, doing just making a little side money so he he would buy it.
David A: And then after my brother got sober. I didn't do the drugs for a long time.
David A: And then once I turned 18 I started partying, a little bit again and then I would do a Percocet, when I felt like shit or my back hurt or whatever because I was working a labor job making snowboard skateboards doing
David A: That stuff.
David A: But yeah, so that happened and then I would take a Percocet and then nobody had any oxy codeine anymore. And he goes to 30 milligram pills. So then I was like, Okay, what can I do, and then I just started doing heroin, because it's like I just was dependent on the opiates.
Dr Jameson: And that was when you were, how old are you got
David A: When I got into her when I think I was 19 okay
Dr Jameson: And that will, how are you taking it.
David A: I started out smoking it I shot it a few times didn't really like it. So I mostly smoked it
David A: Okay, but I was smoking a lot like I was spending a lot of money each day.
Dr Jameson: How much did you get up to you. Remember
David A: I think I was on like two grams, maybe one and a half grams two grams a day it was. I mean, I think if I think logically, like most days I would maybe smoke half a gram gram gram and a half. I get just depends on the day. And how much money I had
David A: Sure. And then, yeah, so i i i started you know shooting it a little bit towards the end. And that's when it really got out of hand. My mom sent me to rehab and so cow. I came back relapsed
David A: And then I just decided, hey, this is like I just need to get sober. Sorry.
Dr Jameson: So you went back to rehab. So when you were 19 or was it after that.
David A: So I think I went to rehab. When I was 19 or 2019, I think it was when I went into rehab or no, I was 20 and I went to Southern California.
David A: And then I came back and I was there in like a halfway house for a month. I came back to California. And then I relapsed for like I was sober for a month in California and then or Northern California. And then I relapse after like a month and being home.
David A: And Sacramento area.
David A: And then I wasn't sober for like a month and then my mom was just like, Hey, dude. If you don't get sober, like, you know, I'm going to turn you in or like you know you you have to do like you
David A: Would actually that time when I got sober, the last time she didn't really even give me an ultimatum. I wasn't living with her so
David A: She was just like, Hey dude, it's time to get sober.
David A: And she, I was like, yeah, it's time to get sober like it when I made the decision myself. It was like okay
David A: You know, ready to do this. And then she helped me find doctors to get on medication.
David A: First, we were looking at methadone, but my friend was on methadone, my friend. Jesse was on a lot, you know, doing heroin with me and stuff.
David A: And he just didn't seem happy he like he seemed like he was still miserable.
David A: And it's and getting off methadone, I think, is one of the hardest to get off right it's like pretty they're
Dr Jameson: There, they're all i mean i don't know but they're, they're just all it's all
Bad
Dr Jameson: So you and that's when you were using, you're just going to the doctor's office.
David A: Yeah, so I found out about
Dr Jameson: Three months, three years ago, I mean,
David A: Yes, about it was, I think, November of 2017 or November of 2016
Dr Jameson: Okay, and you've been on it ever since.
David A: Yeah. And so first few months. I don't know if I count that of sobriety. Because I, you know, took
David A: Think I was abusing it a little like I was still had that addict and me that wanted to like take more than was prescribed
David A: I think the first month and a half, and then I was just like, all right, like I'm kind of just tired of this. It's not like it's not something
David A: That I want to be used. And that's when I started tapering down a little bit. I mean after my first few months I was tapering down so
David A: And I kind of got to a dose of the four milligrams, which I like. It's good for me. You know, I feel okay on it like I don't feel cravings. I don't feel like I need more. I don't feel like I need less like it's just the right spot so
David A: And I've been on that. But now I'm getting to the point where I kind of want to taper down again a little bit maybe to get to three or maybe to get to two, I don't know, I just want to
David A: I want to get to a point where maybe you know if I wanted to, I could you know go join the military or something, you know, just something like
David A: And it's it's not hindering that right now because that's not something I want to do right now, but I just want to have my options open to do
David A: To do stuff and feel, you know, clear mindset because I know that Suboxone decided effects aren't too bad, but I know that you kind of can have a foggy brain in the morning or after you take it like
David A: I kind of just want to be clear, clean, like that's just how I'm feeling. But then again, like I talked to pharmacists and doctors multiple doctors and pharmacists have said, you know,
David A: It's not a problem to be on a medication. This medication or whole life if you wanted to, if you need it. Right, so right.
Dr Jameson: Again, it's better than
Dr Jameson: Returning to. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: So if that's what needs to happen and find if if we don't need it in order to maintain that then
Dr Jameson: So be it. But I think, I think.
Dr Jameson: I mean, I hear it a lot. When people for coming on on the on the server. And I get it, and I don't really want you to have to be on it forever, either, but sometimes that's just
Dr Jameson: You know, I mean, the number of times you hear people that I was in treatment and then I take it off and then I relapse.
David A: Yeah, and I think I think most of that maybe happens just because of the support groups or maybe, like you said, people are different. Right. So I don't know, we'll
David A: We'll have to see how I feel. I'm pretty like self aware so know if I'm feeling weird or if I'm getting cravings. I'll just go back on regular dose. I mean,
Dr Jameson: Yeah.
David A: We'll have to kind of feel it out. Go Go with the flow and just see where it goes. Yeah.
Dr Jameson: Like I said from the meaning like as long as you are really in touch with yourself and you have like your, you know, pre relapse like
David A: And yeah.
Dr Jameson: Things that could you know indicators that you're beginning, you know, be going down that way and you have a plan and you're, you know, you're really on top of yet yourself then you know i think it's it's it's fine.
David A: Anymore like basic medical questions or anything or my good
Dr Jameson: Oh, I think that's good. I just wanted to review since
David A: Yes. Sorry, I'm kind of a talker. If you have
Dr Jameson: No, no. So
Dr Jameson: Me to
Dr Jameson: Know I, you know, part of my part of that is so it's just how I've been, but second of all, given that we're doing all this telemedicine.
Dr Jameson: What, you know, which I think is 100% reasonable I if I did, and I wouldn't do it. But I think this is a very reasonable use of telemedicine, because we don't really need to monitor any vital signs or anything. It's pretty subjective.
Dr Jameson: But even so, you know that there are sometimes questions raised by authorities and stuff. So I like to have my ducks really in a row and
David A: Yeah, of course.
Dr Jameson: And anyway, so it would mean everything I just wanted to review everything which it was already in there.
Dr Jameson: Okay, well, yeah, no, I think we can finally let you go have fun things to do.
David A: Already perfect and should I so should I call CPS and see if they're going to have the two milligrams in or cuz I mean I'm sure if I asked, would they know I'm not even gonna get into that right now. I'll talk to you. I'll call them and then see what this
Dr Jameson: Yeah, just make sure they got, you know, I just want to make sure you
Dr Jameson: Got it, and let you know it's a new doctor because I moved and the same company, but we're trying to taper my dose and she said that we don't always keep two milligrams on hand. So I just want to make sure that was going to be, you know, I was hoping to pick it up when you know just just
Dr Jameson: See what they say. And if they're like, No, we don't have it, or we're not gonna have it then.
Dr Jameson: We'll, we'll send different prescription again, have you break it into tiny pieces, I guess, but
David A: Yeah, yeah, just let us know. Okay, awesome. Have a great rest of data.
Dr Jameson: And I sent you.
Yes.
Dr Jameson: All right, that was David
S is
Dr Jameson: She probably know. Anyway, he has recently relocated to Tennessee for work, but that's where his family lives. So it's unclear. He may actually, it may end up being a permanent relocation, it's just not entirely certain quite yet.
Dr Jameson: You can summarize what we talked about as far as his opiate history. He's been in recovery. Now for number of years and has been gradually tapering his dose quite successfully. He's been feeling really good at four milligrams for five or six months now, but he would like to start
Dr Jameson: Resume his taper at this point.
Dr Jameson: He's been attending a monthly group with Dr. PACHTER
Dr Jameson: I guess you know the medical hazard. Oh, that's in their mental status physical normal assessment opioid use disorder severe
Dr Jameson: I'm perfectly happy to have him continue his efforts at tapering center prescription for the two milligram to flash point five milligram tablets.
Dr Jameson: For a four milligrams daily dose, but he's going to experiment with dropping by either a quarter or half tab, a few days a week to start and then see how that goes.
Dr Jameson: Depending on whether he turns out to be permanently in Tennessee or not, we will be assigned his group him to a Tennessee group. He's going to let us know. Once he finds out what the story is, if he's still uncertain next week I'll attend that old California group.
Dr Jameson: Continue with periodic drug screen. He's been doing some individual counseling here and there.
Dr Jameson: From our discussion. It seems like he's got a pretty good handle on on
Dr Jameson: Stress management and he's pretty involved in local a meetings, he'll have to build that again in the new area if he does end up
Dr Jameson: Permanently moving to Tennessee I informed him about the in the option for in the rooms online meetings.
Dr Jameson: So we will follow up either
Dr Jameson: I asked him to attend our groups every other week, which can be done independently of how
Dr Jameson: How, what the duration of his prescription on them. Rather, I just scratch that last part is going to attend groups every other week if he switches to my Tennessee group.
Dr Jameson: Greater than 50% of this visit was counseling assessing
Dr Jameson: risks, benefits of tapering and general
Dr Jameson: Approach to
Dr Jameson: medication assisted therapy.
Dr Jameson: And that is the end for today.